Readme branch (#1)
isacikgoz/concurrency-examples: README.md

# concurrency-examples

> `concurrency-examples` contains some examples about concurrency phenomenon in `GO` language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`concurrency-examples` contains some examples that are given in several presentations at Google I/O. 
```
